chore: add validator key generation instructions (#33)
vana-com/vana-dlp-chatgpt: README.md

poetry run python -m chatgpt.nodes.validator
```

## Generate validator encryption keys

> Validators use a private/public keypair to encrypt the user's encryption keys. To generate a new keypair, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All DLP validators share a private/public keypair to encrypt the user's encryption keys. To generate a new keypair, follow these steps:
```
